# Top-3-Earring-Styles-Every-Woman-Must-Have--Lasolitaire
Did you know that earrings come in almost ten different styles? When you combine that with a variety of forms, twists and sizes, the options are endless! Earrings not only have the capacity to tie your complete ensemble together, but they also have the ability to define your face and highlight your greatest features. Adding a different earring kind to your OOTD could be one of the best ways to liven up your style. That's why it's crucial to have a variety of earrings in your collection. Here, in this blog we've discussed different varieties of earring that should be there in your jewellery box. This guide to three different styles of earrings with pictures is exactly what you've been looking for! Classic Studs: The majority of earring styles have come and gone, yet studs are still popular. Whether it's small diamond studs, classy pearl studs, or trendy geometric designs, studs are a great choice for a minimalist look. If you're looking for a trendy set of modern studs, La Solitaire's Collection's Spinel Emeralds and FreshWater Pearls with Diamond Polki studs are a great option. Gem-Stone Drops: Gemstone drops are perfect for those occasions when you want to look spectacular but not overpowering. These are ideal for women who usually prefer their hair up and also, it will add the proper amount of shine to your entire look. Furthermore, gemstones add a stunning splash of colour to your style and can be used to complement your dress elegantly. Danglers: Whether it's a day out with your girls, or a family wedding, special occasions demand exceptional earrings. You should always keep a pair or two of dangler style earrings in your jewellery collection and wear them with sophisticated evening gowns and dresses to complete your fashionable look. These bold earrings are wonderful on their own and you can even skip the necklace entirely. Now, no more wondering about which necklace design would complement your neckline! Conclusion: Women value beauty as a sign of identity and womanhood, therefore it plays a significant role in their lives. Earrings lend appeal to a woman's appearance, making her look gorgeous, fashionable and trendy. So, if you're seeking for a one-of-a-kind but gorgeous pair of earrings, La Solitaire is the place to go. Visit our store for many more collections.
